All continents except Antarctica
37
The hair is thick, single-tiered.
130.0
All fingers of the hands, except for the first one, are strongly elongated in bats and together with the forearm and hind limbs serve as a frame for the skin membrane forming the wing.
The hair is thick, single-tiered.
With two sharp upper incisors (front_teeth), they bite through the skin of their victim
The short first toe of the forelimbs has a claw
Penguins live in the open seas of the Southern Hemisphere: in the coastal waters of Antarctica, New Zealand, southern Australia, South Africa, along the entire coast of South America from the Falkland Islands to Peru, the Galapagos Islands near the equator.
13.0
Numerous small, undifferentiated, hair-like feathers that make up the plumage
12.25
Swimming underwater differs from flying in the air in that the same energy is expended on raising the wing as for lowering, since the water resistance is greater than the air resistance, therefore, the blades of penguins have a larger surface, compared to other birds, on which the muscles are attached. wing lift
The body shape of penguins is streamlined, which is ideal for movement in the water.
They have teeth in their mouth!
They are not here
Unlike other flightless birds, penguins have a sternum with a well-defined keel, to which powerful muscles are attached
Large feet with a swimming membrane are relatively short - while on land, animals often rest on their heels, while the rigid tail unit serves them as additional support
Representatives of the superorder are widespread in the seas and oceans, from surface to depth.They mainly live in sea water, but some species are able to live in fresh water as well.
25
In sharks, the skin is covered with so-called plactoid scales.
1100
The scales cover the entire body of the shark, only the gill slits remain unprotected.
Shark pectoral fins.Dorsal fins of a shark.Shark tail fin.Shark pelvic fins.Shark anal fin.
Ridge-toothed sharks have 6 rows of teeth on the lower and 4 rows on the upper jaws with a total of 180-220 teeth.
They are not here
The squad members have a torpedo-shaped body
White and tiger sharks - 280-300 teeth, which are located in 5-6 rows on each jaw. ... Bull (blunt-nosed) shark - 380-420 teeth, which are located in 6-7 rows on each jaw.
Budgerigars are native to Australia. On this continent, they wander in large flocks from place to place in search of food and water, temporarily settling on grassy plains, where they can feed on grass seeds.
25
The skin of parrots, like all birds, consists of three layers: dermis (base), epidermis and subcutaneous layer
500
The flight of the budgerigar is slightly arched and resembles the flight of a swallow. When landing, the wings bend downward, making it look like a quail landing.
Typically, up to 20 flight feathers can be counted on a bird's wing. ... In addition, flight feathers of such orders are distinguished - the second, third, fourth.
The beak is powerful and curved.The parrot's beak, unlike other birds, is very mobile due to the upper jaw, which does not grow together with the skull, but is connected to it by a tendon ligament. The upper jaw is much longer than the lower one. The palatine bones are well developed.
The bird's eyes are located on the sides, and not on the same plane, and can move in different directions, it turns out that the bird can focus on different objects with different eyes - for example, with one eye to follow movements around, outside the cage, and the other - for food , that is, in the immediate vicinity of ...
The main color of the plumage is of a protective herbaceous green color.
The tail is long, stepped.
